README.md, before:

# DartLens

DartLens is an intuitive and powerful tool for exploring and managing your Dart and Flutter projects. With DartLens, you
can easily visualize the connections between elements, find potential issues, make changes to your code, upgrade
packages, and more. The app gives you an overview of all the files, classes, and declarations, providing a clear and
concise UML diagram of your project. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting with Dart and Flutter,
DartLens will help you navigate your projects with ease.

| macOS | Windows | Linux |
|:-----:|:-------:|:-----:|
|   ✅   |    ✅    |   ✅   |


---

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2332860/225592833-f351d00c-2582-4ee3-91ef-8795729a5c7c.mp4

---

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2332860/225593097-3298bebd-4fcf-4a2b-85a9-c066760522c4.mp4

---

<a href="screenshots/1.0/1.jpg">
    <img src="screenshots/1.0/1.jpg" alt="DartLens screenshot 1" width="320"/>
</a>
<a href="screenshots/1.0/2.jpg">
    <img src="screenshots/1.0/2.jpg" alt="DartLens screenshot 2" width="320"/>
</a>

## How to run it

There are no official releases yet. You can run the app from source code with `flutter run`.

## Development

DartLens is developed in Flutter. It works on all desktop operating systems (macOS, Windows, Linux).

**Note**: The app was developed and tested with **Flutter 3.7**.

Setup, how to run and build: https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop

## Support this project

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/albemala" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" >
</a>

## Other projects

🎨 **[Hexee Pro](https://hexee.app/)** — Palette editor & Advanced color toolkit

🧰 **[exabox](https://exabox.app/)** — Essential tools for developers: All the tools you need in one single app.

😃 **[Ejimo](https://github.com/albemala/emoji-picker)** — Emoji and symbol picker

🗺️ **[WMap](https://wmap.albemala.me/)** — Create beautiful, minimal, custom map wallpapers and backgrounds for your phone or tablet.

🧩 **[iro‿iro](https://iro-iro.albemala.me/)** — Rearrange the colors to form beautiful patterns in this relaxing color puzzle game.

## Credits

Created by [@albemala](https://github.com/albemala) ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/albemala))

Commit message:

Update README.md with the macOS release build download

README.md, after:

# DartLens

DartLens is an intuitive and powerful tool for exploring and managing your Dart and Flutter projects. With DartLens, you
can easily visualize the connections between elements, find potential issues, make changes to your code, upgrade
packages, and more. The app gives you an overview of all the files, classes, and declarations, providing a clear and
concise UML diagram of your project. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just starting with Dart and Flutter,
DartLens will help you navigate your projects with ease.

| macOS | Windows | Linux |
|:-----:|:-------:|:-----:|
|   ✅   |    ✅    |   ✅   |


---

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2332860/225592833-f351d00c-2582-4ee3-91ef-8795729a5c7c.mp4

---

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2332860/225593097-3298bebd-4fcf-4a2b-85a9-c066760522c4.mp4

---

<a href="screenshots/1.0/1.jpg">
    <img src="screenshots/1.0/1.jpg" alt="DartLens screenshot 1" width="320"/>
</a>
<a href="screenshots/1.0/2.jpg">
    <img src="screenshots/1.0/2.jpg" alt="DartLens screenshot 2" width="320"/>
</a>

## How to run it

You can download the latest macOS release [here](https://github.com/albemala/dart-lens-app/releases/latest/download/DartLens.app.zip),
or you can run the app from [source code](https://github.com/albemala/dart-lens-app/releases/latest/) with `flutter run`.

## Development

DartLens is developed in Flutter. It works on all desktop operating systems (macOS, Windows, Linux).

**Note**: The app was developed and tested with **Flutter 3.7**.

Setup, how to run and build: https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop

## Support this project

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/albemala" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" >
</a>

## Other projects

🎨 **[Hexee Pro](https://hexee.app/)** — Palette editor & Advanced color toolkit

🧰 **[exabox](https://exabox.app/)** — Essential tools for developers: All the tools you need in one single app.

😃 **[Ejimo](https://github.com/albemala/emoji-picker)** — Emoji and symbol picker

🗺️ **[WMap](https://wmap.albemala.me/)** — Create beautiful, minimal, custom map wallpapers and backgrounds for your phone or tablet.

🧩 **[iro‿iro](https://iro-iro.albemala.me/)** — Rearrange the colors to form beautiful patterns in this relaxing color puzzle game.

## Credits

Created by [@albemala](https://github.com/albemala) ([Twitter](https://twitter.com/albemala))
